Connector help rework (#4082)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/devguide/Connector/ConnectorHelp/Connector_help_pages.md

# Connector documentation

For every connector that is developed for DataMiner, two or more documentation pages should be made.

The first page is the [marketing page](#marketing-page), which should be appealing and focus on demonstrating the value the connector can bring to users, similar to the packaging of a product in a store.

> The second page is the [technical page](#technical-page), which should be a subpage of the marketing page containing further technical details. You could compare this to the technical label of a product in a store. The technical page details among others how the connections should be set up when you create an element with the connector, how the element should be used, etc.

Author: I'm not sure if the "technical label" is really a good comparision here. A technical label typically is stuck to a product and contains very limited info such as serial numbers and things like that. What I wanted to compare it to is the full paper document that you typically find within the box when you buy something from a store. It's typically almost like a book(let) containing plenty of information, how to use, what to be careful of, etc.

Author: other than the above, everything checks out to me.

Reviewer: How about this alternative?
```suggestion
The second page is the [technical page](#technical-page), which should be a subpage of the marketing page containing further technical details. You could compare this to the instructions booklet included with a product in a store. The technical page details among others how the connections should be set up when you create an element with the connector, how the element should be used, etc.
```

Author: good enough for me. I would say let's release this and we can always further finetune it later on if required.

### Title

The title of both pages should be the name of the connector in the [DataMiner Catalog](https://catalog.dataminer.services/).

> ### Marketing page

Reviewer 2: This more or less in line with https://docs.dataminer.services/user-guide/Cloud_Platform/Catalog/Best_Practices_When_Documenting_Catalog_Items.html.
Can we not simply make a reference to these guidelines?

Reviewer: Since there are some differences, it depends on whether you want to bring the connector pages fully in line with those for other Catalog items. If yes, we can largely replace this text with a reference and just add that a link must be added to the technical page. Otherwise, I could also add a tip referring to the best practices page for general best practices (e.g. the use of visuals).

Author: I made couple of small changes to the page from Jarno. Once those changes are accepted, I fully agree to replace portion of my content here by a link to that page.
[Here is the PR](https://github.com/SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs/pull/4127).
@MariekeGO, Jarno already confirmed the changes I made there are ok to him. So feel free to go ahead with your review.
